Update _v2-sl-prerequisites.md (#5108)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_v2-sl-prerequisites.md

- Set up the [Semantic Layer API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview) in the integrated tool to import metric definitions. 
  - dbt Core or Developer accounts can define metrics but won't be able to dynamically query them.<br />
- Understand [MetricFlow's](/docs/build/about-metricflow) key concepts, which powers the latest dbt Semantic Layer.  

> - Note that the dbt Semantic Layer doesn't yet support SSH tunneling for [Redshift](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-redshift-postgresql-alloydb) connections or SSO for the Semantic Layer production credential (SSO for the development user is supported).

Reviewer: hey @rpourzand , tweaked it and am i right in thinking this is for the service token credential? if so, i added a link to it. wdyt?

```suggestion
- Note that the dbt Semantic Layer doesn't yet support SSH tunneling for [Postgres or Redshift](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-redshift-postgresql-alloydb) connections.  It also doesn't support using [Single sign-on (SSO)](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview) for Semantic Layer  [production credentials](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/service-tokens#permissions-for-service-account-tokens), however, SSO is supported for development user accounts.
```
